In real world projects,
could you go through and describe a little
bit on when you would use a computer
to property versus a watcher?
>> So the question here is around taking
more real world example of why computer
properties would be
advantageous over watchers.
So in the example of a data visualization
model I think that's still remains
probably one of the better examples of
this in that if you were to try and
take a look at any sort of SVG
animation out there chart.
You'll know that for something like this,
there are a lot of pieces that go into
the computation of how this
is being drawn, right?
It could be as simple as how big the pie
chart is being drawn or what the data that
goes into whether or not it's being
filled, what color it might be.
There's a lot that's happening here.
And so if you try to watch all your
dependencies in like individually,
what people have found when they worked
with sort of these larger code bases
is that if they weren't careful with
how they tracked their dependencies,
they could trigger re renders in their
code when they didn't expect to.
And we, for those who have had
experience working on enterprise apps,
there is almost no way you'll own
the code base from end to end.
So a lot of times you don't even know that
someone is depending on the thing that
you're talking like you're writing for.
And so computer properties have the
advantage of because the chains are being
tracked basically explicitly via like,
so again, let me go back.
When you use computed properties, not only
are you containing the dependencies which
I understand watch does do like because
if we think about it when we did watch.
You have to actually define the initial
value that you're watching.
So in this case what let's it was
character let's say this character list.
And then on top of that like can you
imagine what happens if you also like
if this also had like this .character
list is dependent on this dot let's see.
What do I have favorite list?
Once you start adding multiple things,
especially when you're receiving data from
an API, it becomes really difficult to
start tracking where everything is.
And so computer properties,
because you can basically just throw all
your dependencies inside of
a single compute function,
it has the algorithm that's required for
you to automatically do all
the performance optimizations and
caching that you would want to do.
I think that's the best way I
could explain it at this point.
And so remember the key thing
here is not that watch is bad,
is that watch is good for
triggering side effects and computed.
It's kind of when you import low dash and
you do a debounce function on an API call
cause you're afraid users will click.
Like imagine compute it has
like a debounce built in so
that things don't automatically trigger
like it knows how to protect you from
those things that's
the advantage of computing.